README.md, before:

:thought_balloon: Proofs of Concept. (PoC) :coffee:
=======
_2019_04_10 : Project imported from my gitlab account

:floppy_disk: Beware : all poc are made and tested with Google Chrome !

<br/>

SIMPLE_POC :dizzy:
=======
_Fast & short poc_ ; only one function

File name | lang ? | what ?
----| ----| ----
arrowCSS.html | CSS | a triangle and it's shadow made with css; perfect for tooltips
get_element_position.html | JS | mouse hover an element to get its position (x, y) using javascript
beforeAfter.html | CSS | Use of ::before and ::after
sticky.html | Html +Bootstrap4 | Make a div sticky to the top; custom sticky and/or bootstrap4 sticky <br/>(_bootstrap 4 optionnal_)
loremIpsum.md | Text | Alway looking on google for the Lorem Ipsum generator ? look no more ; <br/> 12 paragraphs, 1000 words here.
AutoRefreshPage.html | JS | :bulb: Auto-refresh an HTML page; useful when you work on a page and want to see the change without manually refreshing it!
onMouseOver.html | HTML / JS | Mouse over a \<div> and display an alert
buttonFunction.html | HTML / JS | Launch a JS function when button clicked



<br/><br/>

HTML_CSS_JS :family:
=======

Main Folder | Folder | Additional languages and/or framework used | What | TODO "one day"
 ---- | ---- | ---- | ----| ----
HTML_CSS_JS | passwordReveal | VueJS, Bootstrap | add an icons near a password input to let the user reveal his password before validation | /
HTML_CSS_JS | reCaptcha | JavaScript, Google API reCaptcha, Bootstrap | reCaptcha module | /
HTML_CSS_JS | dragNdrop | bootstrap 4.1.3 (only for beautify/layout) | drag and drop a list of images or import them with a classic button | /
:collision:HTML_CSS_JS | Navbar_animated#1 | bootstrap 3.3.1, jquery 2.1.1 | The header/Navbar change color when you start scrolling and resize; +responsive | Change from bootstrap 331 to 4xx; **almost done, see file b4_navbar.html**
:collision:HTML_CSS_JS | Carousel | bootstrap 3.3.1, jquery 2.1.1, own.carousel 2.3.4 | a Carousel with 3 pictures...


:collision: -> Poc moved in temporary folder; _poc to clean_

<br/><br/>

PYTHON :snake: *_ready to use_ functions* :cyclone:
=======

Main Folder | file | imports | What
 ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
PYTHON | py_unaccent.py | unicodedata | function to remove accents from a string.

<br/><br/>

DJANGO :notes:
=======
_Django tree_

**main** : POC

app _(instal POC as django app)_ :
- upload_img

Folder > Localisation | Additional technos | What | TODO "one day"
---- | ---- | ---- | ----
DJANGO > POC >> Upload_image | / | Upload an image (into server) and display it to replace the website image place holder | /

Commit message:

added simple poc Vertical aligné

README.md, after:

:thought_balloon: Proofs of Concept. (PoC) :coffee:
=======
_2019_04_10 : Project imported from my gitlab account

:floppy_disk: Beware : all poc are made and tested with Google Chrome !

<br/>

SIMPLE_POC :dizzy:
=======
_Fast & short poc_ ; only one function

File name | lang ? | what ?
----| ----| ----
verticalAlign1.html | bootstrap 4 | Align a text and an image verticaly with flex box / or css
arrowCSS.html | CSS | a triangle and it's shadow made with css; perfect for tooltips
get_element_position.html | JS | mouse hover an element to get its position (x, y) using javascript
beforeAfter.html | CSS | Use of ::before and ::after
sticky.html | Html +Bootstrap4 | Make a div sticky to the top; custom sticky and/or bootstrap4 sticky <br/>(_bootstrap 4 optionnal_)
loremIpsum.md | Text | Alway looking on google for the Lorem Ipsum generator ? look no more ; <br/> 12 paragraphs, 1000 words here.
AutoRefreshPage.html | JS | :bulb: Auto-refresh an HTML page; useful when you work on a page and want to see the change without manually refreshing it!
onMouseOver.html | HTML / JS | Mouse over a \<div> and display an alert
buttonFunction.html | HTML / JS | Launch a JS function when button clicked



<br/><br/>

HTML_CSS_JS :family:
=======

Main Folder | Folder | Additional languages and/or framework used | What | TODO "one day"
 ---- | ---- | ---- | ----| ----
HTML_CSS_JS | passwordReveal | VueJS, Bootstrap | add an icons near a password input to let the user reveal his password before validation | /
HTML_CSS_JS | reCaptcha | JavaScript, Google API reCaptcha, Bootstrap | reCaptcha module | /
HTML_CSS_JS | dragNdrop | bootstrap 4.1.3 (only for beautify/layout) | drag and drop a list of images or import them with a classic button | /
:collision:HTML_CSS_JS | Navbar_animated#1 | bootstrap 3.3.1, jquery 2.1.1 | The header/Navbar change color when you start scrolling and resize; +responsive | Change from bootstrap 331 to 4xx; **almost done, see file b4_navbar.html**
:collision:HTML_CSS_JS | Carousel | bootstrap 3.3.1, jquery 2.1.1, own.carousel 2.3.4 | a Carousel with 3 pictures...


:collision: -> Poc moved in temporary folder; _poc to clean_

<br/><br/>

PYTHON :snake: *_ready to use_ functions* :cyclone:
=======

Main Folder | file | imports | What
 ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
PYTHON | py_unaccent.py | unicodedata | function to remove accents from a string.

<br/><br/>

DJANGO :notes:
=======
_Django tree_

**main** : POC

app _(instal POC as django app)_ :
- upload_img

Folder > Localisation | Additional technos | What | TODO "one day"
---- | ---- | ---- | ----
DJANGO > POC >> Upload_image | / | Upload an image (into server) and display it to replace the website image place holder | /
